doc(classification): Add initial rubric (#1985)
hashicorp/boundary: internal/classification-rubric.md

# Classification Rubric

This is an initial set of guidelines to use
when deciding on the classification of

> [fields for API/SDK resources](./adding-a-new-field-readme.md#add-new-fields-to-the-apisdk-resource-protobufs).

Author: I am thinking it might be a good idea to explicitly call out that this classification is for auditing purposes?

Fields can be classified as `secret`, `sensitive`, or `public`.
If a field is not classified, it is treated as `secret`.

> See the [filters/encrpyt][encrpt] package for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [filters/encrypt][encrypt] package for more details.
```

* **secret**: This classification should be used for any field that contains
    information like tokens, keys, passwords.
* **sensitive**: This classification should be used for any field that contains
    information like [personally identifiable information (PII)][PII], such as
    names of people, email addresses, etc.
* **public**: This classification should be use for any field that is not
    sensitive or secret.

> 

Reviewer: Can we add a section on who to ask if the classification is not clear?

Author: not sure what to put for this actually

Reviewer: > Tag @jimlambrt and @jefferai in your PR if you are unsure about how to classify a field.
